orbital: improve keyboard handling (#3461)
rust-windowing/winit: CHANGELOG.md

# Unreleased

> - On orbital, report `logical_key` and `text` in `KeyEvent`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On orbital, fix `logical_key` and `text` not reported in `KeyEvent`.
```

> - On orbital, stub support for `KeyEventExtModifierSupplement`

Reviewer: It's not `stub` anymore I guess? If so just something like

```
On orbital, implement `KeyEventExtModifierSupplement`.
```

- On Wayland, fix `Window::set_{min,max}_inner_size` not always applied.
- On Windows, fix inconsistent resizing behavior with multi-monitor setups when repositioning outside the event loop.
- On Wayland, fix `WAYLAND_SOCKET` not used when detecting platform.

> - On orbital, fix `logical_key` and `text` not reported in `KeyEvent`
> - On orbital, implement `KeyEventExtModifierSupplement`

Reviewer: Just so they are consistent with all the other entries.

```suggestion
- On Orbital, fix `logical_key` and `text` not reported in `KeyEvent`.
- On Orbital, implement `KeyEventExtModifierSupplement`.
```

Reviewer: Please, implement the suggestions the way they were suggested or _consistent formatting_ or apply them directly with the github UI if you can't be bothered with all of that.
